README.md, before:

# Cariari.Agency 2022

```ansi
                          ,,▄▄▄▄▄████▄▄▄▄▄,
                    ,╓▄▓███▀▀▀▀▀`'`'`▀▀▀▀▀████▄▄,
                 ▄███▀"_                     _▀▀██▓▄
              ▄███▀                              _"▀▓▓▄
           ,▄██▀                                     ╙███,
          ▄██`_         ,,,                ,,          `███
        ▄██▀_         _███▓▄,,         ,,▄█▓▓▓µ          `██▄
       ██▀_           _███▓▓▓██████████████▓▓▓_           _▀██
      ██▀_             _▀█▓▓▓███████████████▀               ╙██
    _██▀        ▄█████▄▄, _"▀████████████▀__ ,▄▄█████        "██
    ██▌       ╒███████████▓▄▄▄,▀██████▀▄▄▄██▓▓▓███████▄       ▐██_
   ]██_       _▀▀▀████████▓▓▓██████████████▓▓▓▓████▀▀▀'        ██▌
   ██▌              _▀████▓▓▓██████████████▓▓▓▓▀`_             ]██
  _██_                _▀██▓▓▓██████████████▓▓▀                 _██
  _██_                   ▀▓▓▓██████████████▀                    ██
  _██_                     ╙█████████████▀                     _██
   ██U                      ╓███████████▄                      _██_
   ▐█▌                    a▓▓█████████████▄                    ▐█▌
   _██                  ▄█▓▓▓███████████████▄                 _██_
    ╙██               ▄███▓▓▓██████████████▓▓▓▄,              ██▌
     ▐██          ,▄▄█████▓▓▓██████████████▓▓▓▓██▄,          ██▀_
      ╙██     ▐███████████▓▓▓█████▀▀███████▓▓▓▓████████_   ,██▀_
       _██▄   _▀██████████▓▀▀`__     __"▀▀██▓▓▓███████'   ▄██"
        _▀██▄   "▀█▀▀▀▀` _                   _`▀▀▀██▀_  ╓██▀_
          _▀██▄                                       ▄██▀
            _▀███▄                                 ,▄██▀
               _▀███▄,                         ,▄▄█▓▀ _
                  _"▀▓▓▓▄▄▄,             ,▄▄▄███▀"
                       _"▀▀▀██████████████▀▀▀__
```

[Cariari.Agency]<https://cariari.agency>

Built with:

- SvelteKit (Framework)
- Supabase (Database)
- Vercel (Hosting)

## Todo

- [ ] figure out proper policies for photos table
- [ ] properties filter should allow for listing all residential/commercial/investments too
- [ ] present sign-up with magic link only when the user completes the form
- [ ] map acting strange when layout changes
- [ ] nav glitches and presents itself when shouldn't
- [ ] should the nav be sticky on edit/add?

## Lessons

Commit message:

validation for Property For in add and edit

README.md, after:

# Cariari.Agency 2022

```ansi
                          ,,▄▄▄▄▄████▄▄▄▄▄,
                    ,╓▄▓███▀▀▀▀▀`'`'`▀▀▀▀▀████▄▄,
                 ▄███▀"_                     _▀▀██▓▄
              ▄███▀                              _"▀▓▓▄
           ,▄██▀                                     ╙███,
          ▄██`_         ,,,                ,,          `███
        ▄██▀_         _███▓▄,,         ,,▄█▓▓▓µ          `██▄
       ██▀_           _███▓▓▓██████████████▓▓▓_           _▀██
      ██▀_             _▀█▓▓▓███████████████▀               ╙██
    _██▀        ▄█████▄▄, _"▀████████████▀__ ,▄▄█████        "██
    ██▌       ╒███████████▓▄▄▄,▀██████▀▄▄▄██▓▓▓███████▄       ▐██_
   ]██_       _▀▀▀████████▓▓▓██████████████▓▓▓▓████▀▀▀'        ██▌
   ██▌              _▀████▓▓▓██████████████▓▓▓▓▀`_             ]██
  _██_                _▀██▓▓▓██████████████▓▓▀                 _██
  _██_                   ▀▓▓▓██████████████▀                    ██
  _██_                     ╙█████████████▀                     _██
   ██U                      ╓███████████▄                      _██_
   ▐█▌                    a▓▓█████████████▄                    ▐█▌
   _██                  ▄█▓▓▓███████████████▄                 _██_
    ╙██               ▄███▓▓▓██████████████▓▓▓▄,              ██▌
     ▐██          ,▄▄█████▓▓▓██████████████▓▓▓▓██▄,          ██▀_
      ╙██     ▐███████████▓▓▓█████▀▀███████▓▓▓▓████████_   ,██▀_
       _██▄   _▀██████████▓▀▀`__     __"▀▀██▓▓▓███████'   ▄██"
        _▀██▄   "▀█▀▀▀▀` _                   _`▀▀▀██▀_  ╓██▀_
          _▀██▄                                       ▄██▀
            _▀███▄                                 ,▄██▀
               _▀███▄,                         ,▄▄█▓▀ _
                  _"▀▓▓▓▄▄▄,             ,▄▄▄███▀"
                       _"▀▀▀██████████████▀▀▀__
```

[Cariari.Agency]<https://cariari.agency>

Built with:

- SvelteKit (Framework)
- Supabase (Database)
- Vercel (Hosting)

## Todo

- [ ] figure out proper policies for photos table
- [ ] properties filter should allow for listing all residential/commercial/investments too
- [ ] present sign-up with magic link only when the user completes the form
- [ ] map acting strange when layout changes
- [ ] nav glitches and presents itself when shouldn't
- [ ] should the nav be sticky on edit/add?
- [ ] proper print view for the print page
- [x] validation to make sure at least one from "property for" is selected

## Lessons
